I thought you were four riders
The kings are all cavalry under the saint
I didn't expect it to be a group of rabble
Pardon me?
I say you guys don't distinguish right from wrong
Unworthy to be king
It seems that he is indeed fake
Brother, stop talking nonsense with him
Kill this thing
Kill him, who dares to pass me first?
And I'm all in the same gang
Kill together
Kill him!
Kill him what about me
Brother, are you going to kill me too?
Ruoxi, get out of the way
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
You even want to kill your own sister
Kill me too
Both of you are on his side
Could it be that he is real?
Brothers
The goddess and the general have been captured by him
This person will not harm Kyushu
Brothers do it
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him kill him do it
How dare you